This is a head-gum original.
Let's get straight into this fuckers.
Do you regret this segment at this point?
Of course, but if I stop now, it's a failure.
At least if I go to the cast, it might have made to last.
I'm going to go to the cast.
It's kind of good news that they haven't announced it.
They need to start making the next bond, right?
What's going on?
The other one came out in what?
2021?
Yeah, I think.
And it was already ready to go two years before that.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
I didn't see it.
It was good.
It was fine.
You know, I had a dream.
I think because I knew I was doing this today,
I had the most realistic dream last night that I was doing my own bond of the week,
but it was Mr. Thumbness of the Week for a Crawl of the Money.
That's really funny.
That doesn't exist.
Mr. Thumbness of the Week.
Wow.
We should start doing that.
We can pivot.
Yeah.
Who would it be though?
So it's kind of like James McVoice the Go.
That key of nature was okay.
Yeah.
I was like, what about Murray Bartlett?
And I was like, Ellie, that's so on the nose.
You're so annoying.
Come up with something different.
That's what they would do though.
They would do it the other day.
Yeah.
But it is true.
That it's on the nose.
They would cancel it.
They don't do the opposite thing.
That's the whole thing.
You know, that's why I have never written anything.
Yeah.
I'll say Andy Circus.
I really liked him in Andor.
And I think he can actually play a pretty
Dapper gentleman if they give him the chance.
I think I won't pull Miss Scout.
Ha ha.
That's a wee.
Talk to us.
Talking about right.
Thumbness.
Oh, you're talking.
I was talking about bond.
Yeah.
I mean, Circus is bond.
Mr. Thumbness adaptor.
He could be both.
Yeah.
Mr. Thumbness could be easily circus.
I mean, that's an obvious choice.
Once con said,
Beth's cow.
I was like, oh, she's talking about bond.
I know.
I want to come out on this.
I thought it was Thumbness.
This is the Van Diagram that needs to be made.
Who can you go?
Ellie, you've thrown a real wrench in this.
I already.
Sorry.
Thumbness and bond are now forever intertwined.
They can't be untangled.
Well, I mean, you've been bond of the week as as James Mcboy.
I love it.
He does have their inch.
Yeah.
You know what I might have to change.
I might have to change my bond of the week.
Um,
I might have to change it to Steve.
I mean, because as we all know,
the one chooses the wizard and now the bond
is choosing the lizard for monsters ink.
Hmm.
What's that guy's name?
It's like stew or something.
Stew?
Yeah, that's the lizard's name.
Um, in what?
In Barney and monsters ink.
Oh, my god.
Randall box.
He's the bad guy, right?
Yeah.
But let's call it Randall bond.
Good.
My bond of the week is going to be Andy Samberg.
All right.
Uh, that's those little icebreaker.
You know, I wanted to go straight into a kind of warm
Jake back up to the idea of this whole shabas
because you haven't been on for a couple months.
I think last time I'd have been what?
Gash cab.
I don't take a huge sip.
I'm going to go straight back to you ask me that.
I think I was on since Gash cab.
I think I hope so.
I'm not sure.
I guess you may be Ash cab.
Why?
Yeah, I guess.
Please don't have to have.
Please.
I guess that would have been better.
A better first one than Gash cab.
Which one?
How would it have?
Oh, you did.
It's about.
Yeah.
Was it me already?
Do like skin disease game?
Yeah.
I did.
What was that rash or not?
Probably.
There's a leader while I take him on.
I guess.
Um.
We got to talk about St. Patrick's Day.
It's today.
It's also Miles birthday.
I think I might specifically not wish him a happy birthday this year.
Does that make sense?
That's good.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah.
That way, he starts to sort of question like,
Did I do anything to upset Jeff?
I don't think he's in a question.
He knows that you basically hate him already.
Like he won't question that.
That's true.
Maybe you go the other way.
Just overdo the celebratory.
See, that is funnier.
But I would have had to have planned like a delivery.
Like I would have had to have sent him a kind of expensive gift.
And then he'll be like, are we that close?
Yeah.
There's still time.
What is this?
Is there?
I mean, he doesn't live in the city.
Yeah.
You just call a local upstairs.
A bakery or something.
They could make a drop off happen for sure.
That would be really funny.
I think I'm going to work on that right now.
Hang on.
Yeah.
You can get them like a roast.
Oh, I love.
Yeah.
And then the milk could just be like,
I know this is your favorite.
Yeah.
I pulled all the strings and I got you a roast after all.
And after hours.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
I want us to take over.
Well, you do your research.
Why don't you guys, why don't you guys hear?
I mean, because here's the thing, right?
I did an episode yesterday.
It was, what was it?
Me and mere.
Casey and.
Emma.
And they really brought it.
It was a good crew.
They brought a lot of energy to it.
They gave me the benefit of the doubt.
That the episode might be actually fun to do.
You guys are coming in expecting.
I think Marie is the only one open to it being better.
And so I'm.
That's a pretty big projection on me.
And I don't think that's fair.
And this is a pretty big projection bond me.
And it's just like a projected sandwich.
There's no way you could have known.
So let's just, you know, let's re-center.
Let's stay grounded.
Please.
If I can ask this of you guys.
And you guys just wax while I figure out the best birthday gift for piles acts.
Sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm speaking of staying grounded.
I went to my.
A.
Chiropractor person yesterday.
And she said that.
That's a thing I need to work on.
Just like bodily and mentally because currently my body is acting like this.
Like a.
Oh, it's rising.
I don't.
Like a.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't wrap the've never done this.
But can you send me piles of address?
Oh, yeah.
I know it's.
It's.
Road.
No.
It's not.
But.
Hold on.
Yeah.
She lived in a rye New York for like a solid two years.
That's true.
Yeah.
Okay.
So yeah.
The point of that story is that now I'm constantly thinking about how
attends my body is and.
It's not.
It's not doing wonders for me.
No totally.
I'm the same way.
I'm listening to you and I'm realizing that I'm also like this.
You know, just hunched little Graham.
Yeah.
Energy.
It's one out of the world.
I'd like to.
I'd like to talk to you about exposing your body to extreme temperatures.
Both heat and to love to do that.
And I and I think it's actually.
It's done wonders for my chronic pains in my body.
So.
I don't know.
I feel like getting you a little cold plunge.
It's in the car.
Have you gone to the spa.
That we.
No.
I brought from like that.
It was a bad.
So I decided to not go.
Quick enough.
I was going to make for us.
That is perfect.
And I'm going to try and get him the biggest bouquet.
I can afford right now.
Wow.
All of that.
And I wanted to look bad.
Okay.
Great.
Because I think it's going to be a hundred dollars.
Do you have that address?
Just in terms of the.
I put it in the chat.
Yeah.
And there it is.
Okay.
I'm going to meet myself.
So I don't actually dox them.
Actually, you know what?
I'm going to not meet myself.
Because I can censor it because we're not live.
That's this chair.
Why do you have to say it?
Are you calling?
He's going to call.
He's going to get on call.
Right.
That's really funny.
I.
I'm.
I'm bummed to know that Michael went because I was going to offer my coupon to him for live.
And actually cash.
Wow.
And he would have taken you up on that.
But now he knows that he doesn't like it.
And you're.
You're out.
Because he did took.
He took a live.
Yeah.
I knew what happened.
I didn't.
I haven't used mine yet.
And I've been gifted.
Other gift cards to that place.
So I have like.
I'm calling.
I have two massages.
Well, I think one of LA is good.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks for saying that.
I think.
I think it's like a lot of.
Michael said it was just like very, very crowded.
And people were like, we towels out everywhere.
Okay.
Just pie trap.
No.
Not a good choice.
I was really intrigued by the snow room though.
Yeah.
I don't want to go there.
Just for that.
The snow room is interesting.
Okay.
Do you have to look.
Like dialed in.
Yeah.
I mean, when it comes to sending people.
Unwanted and unwanted gifts.
It's like maybe his biggest passion.
Right.
It's it's where he shines.
Yeah.
Where do I not shy?
Where do you not?
Because everywhere else.
You're really.
What about having hydrated looking hair?
Um, no.
I think you're you're generally a dry guy.
Yeah.
You have the dry eye.
The split ends.
You have the right.
Yeah.
Exima.
That's.
Yeah.
For a while there, I had a.
Soriotic arthritis.
What happened?
I still have it.
It's just been.
Like psoriasis.
What's that?
Kiska say I'm going to Paris.
What by the time this comes out, I will have gone to Paris.
Really?
I'll be in here.
No.
I'm looking for you.
What's happening?
Next.
I'm going to study abroad.
But that's going to be domestically.
And then after that, I'm going to go to Paris.
Yeah.
What's happening?
Don't say to me.
It was one.
You talked about your personal.
You say everyone else is addressed.
Let's just rain it in.
All right.
Wait.
So you're seriously going to Paris next weekend.
Correct.
For how long?
I had gum calendar.
Yeah.
For how long?
Sorry, the counterpart of a week.
and I will be checking the calendar.
Are you going anywhere else or are you just going to do like a long weekend in Paris?
The plan is to be based out of
the Lithuania and these more.
Okay.
Make
Oh,
time a daytime trip to somewhere else.
But we're just going to go to the fucking train station and then just decide there on the day.
Right.
So you're going to Paris for five days then you're going to fly back to Los Angeles?
In a way, yeah.
Well, that's quick.
If it fits and shows.
Do you direct?
Uh, if I'll tell you.
If you represent.
When I was young when I was like six, I'll take Rex, but I'm not going to necessarily promise you that I'll go to where you suggested.
Does that make sense? Like,
I mean, this museum recommendation, it looked incredible.
It was a little museum.
There's a, there's a chassis and they too.
And I was like, oh my god, that looks incredible.
But then if you set me just, I just have to be honest about this.
Like, if Marie cassettes me something, it looks like horseshit.
I'm not going to go.
Yeah.
It doesn't really cool bar.
Actually, it went to like two really cool bars while I was there.
Harry's, I don't know.
I don't remember. I'll find out.
But you, there's also a cool little restaurant that gave me food poisoning and I threw up and
ship myself for 36 hours while I was there.
So I can let you know.
I was called, I don't think it was called like clown bar or something.
Oh, wait, that gave you food poisoning?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, that sucks.
I almost was that.
Yeah.
It was like, everybody else loved it.
I had food poisoning from it.
I turned it on the phone.
Did you know?
That's pretty crazy.
Hello.
Yeah, it was fun.
Is it possible to play the same day delivery order today?
Yeah.
I was good.
They can write a note by the way, Jeff.
It's going to be like, I have some pretty good
New York Paris relax.
And one of them is a museum, but it's a museum full of animal bones.
It was crazy.
The museum's are over.
It's kind of never been to a museum.
I'll say this museum.
One room full of bones.
You're in your out.
You see some weird, you see some weird animals.
There are weird fetus bones in the way that the human fetuses.
It looked like little gremlins.
I think about them all the time.
They hot my dreams.
I didn't take a photo of them because I was afraid they would curse my
phone.
Yeah.
But I looked at them.
Jeff, did you get that order?
Or did they say they couldn't do it?
They couldn't do it.
They couldn't do it, but it's not the only option.
All right.
It's not the only option.
Okay.
Jeff, you should go.
My one recommendation that I think a genuine wreck
probably the place that I enjoyed the most was
a museum full of animal bones.
And I think you should go there.
Okay.
Wait, is that the Shaston edge you?
I don't think it was that.
All right.
I think it is the gallery.
Day paleontology.
Okay.
Day.
Do it, but yeah.
And.
Do you take French?
Did you take French?
Did I take French?
Or are you just doing Duolingo?
I took French in high school.
Nice, nice, nice.
Way, way, way, way.
Yeah.
Same way, same way.
Go ahead.
I said, bombe.
I know, but that's what's that in French.
Yeah.
Uh.
That was my favorite place.
You know, the.
Did anyone go in the catacombs?
Those were cool.
I think it's more of one of them.
First time I went to Paris.
This is so fucked up.
It's like everyone in the greater area is working against me.
Giving pile flowers.
Why is that everyone seems to be out to get me all the time?
I don't think that's necessarily.
Yeah.
Really?
Um.
Do you.
I mean, maybe there's like a grocery store cake that you could get them.
That's true.
I just really.
I think sending him an unsettling.
Large bouquet is really funny.
And he'll just like, that's going to be the thing.
I'm like, why?
We're not close.
Like that.
Right.
They should be really romantic.
See me too.
Yeah.
Doesn't like not celebrate.
Not yet.
Not celebration flowers.
Absolutely not.
Yeah.
Keep waxing.
Don't let me get in the way.
Sorry.
Um.
Okay.
I know.
I.
I know what you mean with me is.
So I like ones that are weird and niche and like a strange.
I can't believe that that's why it.
How is this still in business type of museum?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I feel about all these florists because like kind of more fucking open.
Don't tell us to wax and then interrupt us with your shit.
Ali was about to tell us about a museum that she went to.
I know.
I didn't.
I won't.
I went to the second largest museum.
Like collection of tax-dermied frogs once.
Because I was.
I was sick and I was like a bunch of people were going on a trip.
I couldn't go on the trip.
And so like me and one person left over.
Who's like there to keep me company because they felt bad.
We were like that's not that's an empty.
And it was actually so cool.
Where was this museum?
It was in.
It was.
I was calling to see if you guys could do a sale.
All right.
That's the right today.
I know.
It was just wondering.
Yeah.
I found great museums.
Like if I could like snap my fingers and be in one and experience one.
Great.
But I wouldn't.
So I'm really just looking.
I'm not ever like waking up.
I can't see a lot of museum going in.
Okay.
And the feed wandering around finding the exhibit.
It's one of my first birthday.
But I kind of want to inconvenience him with how large the bouquet is.
If that's possible.
Can't believe he's giving us.
We didn't reason.
Like I don't want to like stress you out.
And I also, you know.
So yeah, you know it.
Yeah.
For you get it.
They don't get it.
You get it.
I want to annoy my friends.
You understand.
Well, no.
I'll do just.
Hand telling.
He has bosses.
I'm sure.
I don't call it a boss.
Obviously.
That works.
Yeah.
Um.
I.
I'm a really fast museum gore.
I'm like really speedy.
So the the name is.
And I can't.
I can't deal with like stopping and staring.
Yeah.
For five minutes.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
I need to.
That's another thing.
I need to be moving.
And if I'm in a museum with a group of people.
And they're appreciating art.
Yeah.
Okay.
But then then inevitably you go through the whole entire thing.
And you have to go and.
And then you have to want to go back.
Yeah.
That's the worst.
I once realized I needed to break up with someone because we were incompatible.
Museum goers together.
It was like.
Yeah.
I was behind me.
And I was like, I can't live my life like this.
Yeah.
That's a.
I got to keep a movement.
I.
I just like to go.
I just like to go for what I want to see.
I'll just speed through.
I'll look at both sides of the room.
I'll be like, hey, let's go.
Yeah.
Maybe I'll stop.
Like some brush.
I'm on my way.
But it's geo.
I feel.
I like some really basic museum stuff.
Like I would go to the net and just like.
Look at Picasso's or something.
Like what you're supposed to do.
You know, the first museum.
Yeah.
The first museum.
I like field trip museum stuff.
I'm not like cultured enough to be.
Going any deeper than that.
You're not like searching for exhibitions.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
I'm like, okay.
I have an afternoon free.
Should I go see a Monet?
I guess.
Sure.
Yeah.
That's a good.
But I mean, I would never do that.
I would never do that.
I'm not cultured.
Um.
Yeah.
I.
I'm trying to think of.
I one really weird museum that I went to.
When I was in London one time was like a museum of.
Like.
Oh, it was like advertise me advertising like boxes.
Like old serial boxes, old like product design stuff.
And it was just like a really dark winding.
Couple of rooms like packed with a bunch of old like tide boxes.
And it was really.
It's done.
It's going to address.
She said she got the assignment.
I said happy birthday, love Jeff.
I think I think it's the funniest version of this to me is just.
It's kind of actually a nice gift.
But it's just a little off.
Yeah.
You didn't get barely wrote any.
Why'd you do this?
Yeah.
So did you find a flower?
Is there anything?
Yeah.
What is the secret?
What are you looking for?
And I said I wanted to just be as large as possible.
I said somewhat comically large.
And then she said great.
Do you want to just stems or in a vase?
And I said.
And then she said in a vase.
And then I was like, actually.
I, that's going to cost like another $40.
So I was just like.
Hmm.
Just the stems.
It's funny as a vase.
He has a.
But you don't know what the flowers are going to be.
They don't care.
They don't need to be beautiful.
They just need to be plentiful.
Uh, they just need to be big.
We have to.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Guys, getting to know yourself can be a lifelong process.
Right?
We're always learning, growing, linking, building, et cetera.
And changing.
And therapy is all about deepening yourself awareness and understanding.
Because sometimes we don't know what we want or why we react the way we do
until we talk things through with an objective third party.
BetterHelp is here to help with that exact thing.
Because BetterHelp connects you with a licensed therapist who can take you on that journey of self discovery from wherever you are.
Right?
Wherever you're coming from, if you've never done therapy, if you've been in therapy for years, you can always come to BetterHelp and they will match you with a licensed therapist.
I am in therapy every week or at least as much as I try to be because my sessions are at 10 a.m. on Monday and I miss them a lot.
Uh, no, it is, it is huge for me.
It's, it's very grounding and helps me kind of show up in my life towards other people as the best version of myself that I can be at that time.
Uh, and if you have the access to therapy, I would highly recommend it.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, start with BetterHelp.
Give it a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with the licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge.
Discover your potential with BetterHelp.
Visit BetterHelp.com slash what's that?
To get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's BetterHelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, BetterHelp.
We're going to fuck up some rise.
Burn rise.
Ruin rise.
On the apologetic when we fuck up some rise.
We're going to ruin some rise.
We're going to fuck.
Bet you you'll see charm.
Bet you you'll burn rise.
Bet you you but soy.
Bet you you'll soil sand.
Cause I feel like burning some rise.
Why is it always?
I'm in the mood to fuck up some rise.
Cause we're going to fuck up some rise.
Is anyone else home?
No.
Yeah.
I go.
I constantly have a version of that songs.
Like in my head that gossip King sang.
Yeah.
Where they're just like, I know there's apples in here.
And I got that.
Some love that now you now have this tickle.
We're going to fuck up some rise.
You shouldn't be allowed into France.
What if I solve the strikes?
All right.
So we're clearly not keeping up with international politics.
Got it.
Yeah.
I'm aware they're striking.
Jake is.
You guys didn't laugh.
Just kind of in shock.
Like the thought of you.
Like holding down.
Uh, pick it line sort of thing.
Yeah.
Negotiating with a French union.
Given your limited high school.
I mean, you just say.
I think the same.
Yeah.
It's failing.
I mean, during negotiations.
It's been like, that's good to say.
No.
So you don't know anything.
Even if you don't say.
It turns out it only took the better part of a week.
Five days and done.
All it was a dumbass American in Paris.
Do you guys have any notes on those lyrics?
I want to get them perfect.
The sand one I do want to circle back to because it didn't kind of feel like at that point
you were making upwards again.
Yeah.
Well, no, it's just that the song is really fast.
Do you mind if I do it again?
Yeah.
We're going to fuck up some rides.
Pretty nice.
There's no tracks.
You win the race.
Unapologetic.
When we fuck up some rides.
We're going to ruin some rides.
That you'll see.
That you'll burn rice.
That you too much soy.
That you'll soil sand.
Does I feel like burning some rides?
Yeah.
I don't know who the fucks some rides are.
Because we're going to fuck up some rides.
Bet you you'll.
What was it?
Bet you you'll soil sand.
Well, there was the others.
That you you'll see.
That you'll burn rice.
That you too much soy.
Bet you.
That you'll soil sand.
Bet you you'll soil sand.
Yes.
Was that you wrote and chose?
Does everything.
It was a it was a pleasing track.
Actually, really enjoyed it.
I was great.
I put on about the lyrics and my performance.
I thought the lyrics.
They were, yeah, it was rich.
So much soy.
Bet you you'll soil sand.
Why that?
Why, why you you'll burn rice?
Bet you you'll soil sand.
Well, this isn't mean.
Yeah, because that very.
Basically, okay.
So, if you're I don't like.
Diving into my lears isn't.
You're a little more scary.
But, I mean,
diving into my lyricism, but based on the idea of this song, and I'll be like,
diving into your lyricism, why did you sing the song back to a slower,
and ask what we thought about the lyrics?
It's not like you needed to dive into the lyrics.
I also didn't ask you to define the lyrics so much as I asked you to
define what your soil sand means.
The narrator is setting out to ruin rice.
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. And so that's going to entail
seeing some char burning the rice. Maybe it's burning because you've
added too much soy, but also ultimately what you will be doing
is soiling sand. To me, as we've kind of, that was the consistency of sand.
Right. Right. Yes. Rice is as a result.
You'll soil sand, which is, now we don't have to move on, because you're saying
you'll soil sand. But you're the one ruining the rice, and then you're
seeing two someone that they will soil the sand. But yeah, it's kind of like
in the spirit still of the original song lyrics, which is beyond
saying we are all going to collectively fuck up the night. But in this
in the case it's we're gonna find some rice right okay I want to ruin some
rice are those are all of those in the Beyonce song um do they all start with
Betch you yeah
that you use more soy why wasn't it that instead
haha I don't know
sense of ponder but I in general really like yeah that was nice thank you for
sharing yeah welcome to realer Jake
op-edition so this is gonna be an either-or game this one's uh called realer Jake
op-edition but it's basically half of these are real New York time
New York Times op-ed article titles and then some of these are just op-edts that Jake would
write for sure
so great uh you just guys have to tell me whether I'm gonna read out these headlines and you
tell me whether they're real or Jake got it yeah okay I should know these you should
because I mean right yeah and you know your opinions better than we do but I think we
have no idea yeah and I think you you have a strong enough personality that we know
what you would write and what you would the opinions you would hold to be true so here we
got to tell everyone what I think about museums all right yeah go ahead chat GPT and the human mind
how do they compare that's got to be NYT I don't give a fuck
that is that's correct
guess um here we go why I think brown employees shouldn't have health care from the co-founder of
head-go trick question that sounds like a a marty
correct no that was uh yeah okay you don't have to I'll give you that one that was that was you
but I'll give you the other is correct I mentioned where more pink
New York Times yeah that correct feels like that was that was in the
Times like yesterday I feel like that sounds like it came from 2008 yeah I think everyone
wears the enough of the right colors it's fine I've never gone out be like there's there's
there's not enough pink more than wearing a yellow sweater which I think is a good representation
of the color yellow yeah okay here we go why I redirected charity funds from a 24 hour live stream
to my personal checking account I mean you're accusing me of doing that but I didn't
do that and I wouldn't publicly try to do with Jake how to get kids to hate it has to go through
my account by the way it has to filter through my account so I can do it out appropriately
which is a real opinion interesting how to get kids to run errands for you as
for as little pens as possible like the olden days
Halcyon wallets it don't mail themselves it's not correct why Jesus loved friendship
we're gonna find out some rice you think that's me kind of feel like it's you and be
that's a real one that's a question that I've asked before in like religion classes because
you know I'm Jewish and I don't know but I was like to Jesus have friends do you have like a friend
group and their my teacher was like well he had a postals I'm like that's not the same yeah that's
like saying everyone who works in headgum is my friend only some of them are I don't know anything
about Michelle I've never met Narissa and guess what and she's never in town she doesn't even live in
LA I know them I'm I'm like on good terms with them are we friends absolutely not really
you're not friends with Michelle or Angie or Narissa I think Angie and I have a sort of rapport
I could see that sort of like a yeah you're friendly you're friendly with every
she's sort of the Dwight to my gym that's your your soil sand all right um
what uthanasia has done to Canada sorry what uthanasia has done to Canada
Jake's always talking about that yeah I like to get into that really it had a
prose that was interesting to me uthanasia and Canada like that's nice
which whole feels better for the girl I'm genuinely asking
Jesus man come on I feel right that I really wish it was the New York time
yeah that's gonna be a jaker all right here we go I love letter to doing Molly at your
inlaws thanksgiving two years in a row ooh that's
that has to be a new it's like layman up to be in New York times thing this person is micro dosing
Molly and pretending that it's cool really we're gonna fuck up some rice all right
time for next by the way just a quick update on the pile birthday gift of it all
I mean this fucking florist just swindled me out of a $20 delivery fee
oh I'm gonna be $20 more fuck you I gave you the address on the phone you saw what it was
you quoted me 85 dollars now it's 105 they know you what they know you're a mark dude they don't
I'm a martyr I'm dying on the stake for my friends listen we got to talk about something
real about this show what my catchphrases has become fuck you guys at the top of my lungs
right I feel like I'm developed some sort of chip on my shoulder you know what I mean and so
I feel like I could afford to be a little less anger towards y'all so what I but also
let's be honest I mean I'm also met with a lot of vitriol every time I'm on the mic
so I thought what what's that I was I was a green I feel like you're yeah it's it's an
antagonistic relationship between you and your guess yeah so I thought that we could sit here and just
kind of learn about anger the way a child does so I found this British audiobook about anger it's
called when I am angry by Michael Gordon uh children's audiobook read aloud on how to overcome anger
it feels like work you should do for yourself outside of the pot rather than on it it's just fucking
focus here sorry I haven't heard the narrator's gonna be uh sorry I don't even know uh it doesn't say
it does not say uh it is not Michael Gordon the author it is a woman's voice I believe but um yeah
just let's let's let's all bit let's try and work through this together um yeah and uh we'll we'll
you know if you guys want to pause and make any uh points just let me know just say pause and I'll pause it
here we go okay okay okay okay are we supposed to be able to hear anything
wait have you not heard anything this whole time? I think we stopped hearing stuff like after
the theme song oh yeah like when you sang uh the rice song that was just uaka peli yeah are you kidding me
were you playing music? yes that's why it was like you're not singing you about the track you can go
slow okay we'll now do it again we're gonna fuck up some rock here now now you can hear you
now you're I can hear you you're you're you're you can you hear me
yeah yeah did you just hear the applause yeah yeah okay great here we go we're gonna fuck up some rice
ruin rice burnt rice
unapologetically we fuck up some rice
we're gonna ruin some rice
uh that you you'll see charm that you you'll burn rice that you too much soy that you
you'll soil say better right yeah yeah what's your button right you'll what's the line
after you you'll soil say um uh because I feel like burning some rice
oh no because the lyrics are like um or no because I feel like burning some rice
I'm in the mood to fuck some rice up all right okay got like that I got a
Christ all right um what were we okay here we go this is the audiobook
she's story bitch and stewardy eyes
cute all right I am angry by Michael Gordon
illustrated by Max Lauren as you may or may not know it's not fun feeling mad
it's even worse when you're angry with your mum or your dad so that's right
sorry can we just give it our full attention you said we could pause
we're asking for a pause I was asking for a pause for my commentary
that shows I was paying attention thank you I really didn't mean to flash out at you like that I'm
sorry yes I was on doubt so I'm glad that we paused because now I'll start listening to the next
part all right let's just really focus up because I'm on my woodson it comes around and once
to ruin your day get rid of it fast so you can continue to play
for the most part Josh was sweet and as far as can be
except when he lost his temper which was odd it can I pause for a second yeah right so Josh was
fun and as sweet as could be except for when he lost his temperature or temper excuse me um you're
like a piece of shit all the time is I don't think that you have the like redeeming
qualities that this child Josh seems to have like if you get rid of your anger who are you
you're you're still kind of dumb you're boring you're dry you're all over the place you're
dictating to caffeine so yeah you're right yeah so I just want to I just want you to know that like
I wouldn't relate too much to Josh but maybe he has some like coping mechanisms
that you can pull from okay you can play so you think if I wanted to solve my anger at least
you think I need to develop like more of a personality in general yeah in general yeah
today's angry mind started just after morning play Josh wanted cake before lunch but his mum said
no way Josh started to breathe heavily his heart beating fast he greeted his teeth and hoped
the feelings wouldn't last mum taught Josh a trick to stop anger from ruining his day
pretend anger is a ball and throw that ball far away Josh threw three big balls of anger as far
as he could okay yeah yeah I can see the odd I can see the illustrations now
it's nice to know what Josh looks like yeah balls of anger as far as he could
before long it was all gone and Josh was feeling good he sat down and ate lunch and had cake
when he was done mum was proud that Josh had batted his anger and won when Josh was at the
park with his sister later that day they saw a black and white cat that mum said was a stray
Josh wanted to keep the cat and take it home with them all when mum said no Josh got angry
he threw an anger ball although it's made him feel better he was still really what's an anger ball
I think it's the illustration that we just saw where it's Josh like you're on the ball of his own
emotion it's like yeah it's like a rage ball it's an imaginary ball this time I was envisioning it
it was a physical ball when I was little and I got angry I would go hit a tennis ball in the wall
so that's what I was imagining yeah this this reminded me of us of something I saw yesterday
which was like a kid skateboarding down the street with his babysitter kind of like chasing after
him I think he was like eight or nine years old and she kept on yelling at him to like stop at
every stop sign and then at one point he's just like rolling down towards the stop sign he turned
her and yelled I hope I die and he was so angry it was I was like my god I'm so happy I'm not this
this poor woman although it's made him feel better he was still really mad so his sister suggested
a trick she learned from their dad dad said when you feel he had an angry father had said
when you feel so angry that you just want to shout out I think you're going to Josh
having an angry dad sorry counter to four and then let it all out this worked well for Josh soon
he was back to enjoying his day until he was in the front yard later trying to play
some big boy the head you know he shouldn't need to do this meant like this is a lot of like
yeah not coping mechanisms for like yeah no it's like you don't have people it's like
hair trigger I'm so fucking mad that I can't keep a cat that I can't have cake he's just always
ready to lose his shit unless he's like holding his breath I don't think maybe Josh is a lot like you
I think he should have been able to keep the cat I think that's a mistake on the mom
they have room it would teach him some responsibility it would be an emotional support animal
I do want to say back to Jake like any meat to Josh which I don't think is fair
I it's not a compliment though because earlier to insult to Josh
yeah because earlier I was saying Jeff is a piece of shit and Josh is like otherwise fine but it sounds like
Josh's a rise is this how we find out that Jeff is Josh yeah Jeff is Michael Gordon
this story is about me by the way we didn't talk enough about how Michael Gordon is like so close to
Michael Jordan and we actually had a joke in the Gordon sketch it was an off day's Gordon sketch
with John George where he's like well then why are the shoes called air Gordon after the best
basketball player of all time Michael Gordon is like it's Michael Jordan and he's like really
what are these what are these I can we all agree and you know pitch maybe by a show of hands
this guy should have been this kid should have been spanked
like he gets angry because he was never overdads me
it's fine to be angry mom say not like that but don't let it ruin your day
on proud of how you've calm down by sending anger away the end you know I feel like that's a
lesson that a lot of adults need to learn even still I mean you're not going to run
anger balls don't let anger in your day yeah so you know it's a little counter-intuitive
because I'm a little pissed I have to say that you guys didn't seem to be really fully paying attention
giving it your whole jay kasi alosi murri kasi hmm oh what's that white
does that mean you guys didn't give it your all but what does that can you tell
it's like by what metric the fuck is wrong with you we're gonna fuck up surprise
uh plugs what do you guys have going on what do you we gotta get into this pit wall record
which by the way I have to skip because I didn't watch the episode just be there anyway
I can do that you don't want to I don't want to we could have recorded a file in the morning
well then kasi would have had to been up at seven that's true
uh well my plugs listen to the pit wall uh in the episode obviously Jeff will not be on but
he's on some other ones I don't know be on on Monday he will be on on Monday and I'll be
all this comes out uh and I don't know how many episodes ahead we are but if this comes out
before March 30th we're doing a headgum happy hour because yeah that we're in my day
we're doing a headgum happy hour in New York City has by Jake and Amir
where is it?
it's not Lori's side yeah it's a caveat clinton you should come
you have been there I want to be engaged right really I'll come for the next live show that one may
that's well yeah ideally you probably hosting it or something so
don't not the one in the York right the one in the LA is in May
so wait the next one in LA is in May yeah okay well yeah I'll be that that one what's the
one's the next one in New York after this one
baby uh June June got it July nice nice nice nice follow me on twitter instagram and letterbox
summary day on Ali when he got also was gonna say had gummi happy hour so push past that
this episode comes out March 31st we should say oh okay so I hope and watch that I'm so
that had gummi happy hour when it comes out later and you can follow me on instagram and twitter
and letterbox at Ali Khan yeah Jake um pit wall sure I deleted all social media I have nothing to
plug do you delete your monster grid yeah like deleted it no I didn't like cancel my account I just
don't have it anymore I deleted the app got it congratulations thanks
what's the ET what's the ET on the flowers oh I was really hoping she she said she was going to send a
picture and I really was kind of trying to draw the episode out as long as I could in case she wanted to
send it yeah she has yeah granted it's only been 18 minutes uh at Jeffrey jams on instagram
and also let's just you guys want to lead us out by all singing together with the song oh yeah that's
why you sent it one two three four one two three we're gonna plug up surprise can you hear it now
yeah now all right we have to start over again okay we're gonna plug up some rides
burnt brides ruin the race unapologetic we're gonna ruin some rides
bet you you'll see charm bet you you'll be right
but you too much so I'm sure you enjoy all same kind of feel like burning some
rides I'm in the mood to vote so I'm right uh because we got to fuck up some rides
okay why didn't you guys not enjoy that
that was a hit them original